1. Activity / Interval Scheduling Basics
🧩 Activity Selection Problem
	Goal: Select max non-overlapping intervals.
	Intuition:
	→ Always pick the activity that ends earliest, leaving room for others.
	→ Sort by end time, pick first, then pick next whose start ≥ last end.
	💡 “Finish fast to allow more.”

🧩 Non-overlapping Intervals (LeetCode 435)
	Goal: Remove minimum intervals to make remaining non-overlapping.
	Intuition:
	→ Same as activity selection but instead of picking, count overlaps.
	→ Sort by end time; whenever overlap occurs, remove the one that ends later.
	💡 “Keep shorter intervals (earlier end) to avoid blocking space.”

🧩 Meeting Rooms (LeetCode 252)
	Goal: Check if one person can attend all meetings.
	Intuition:
	→ Sort by start time; if any start < previous end → overlap → return false.
	💡 “No overlap means all meetings are attendable.”



2. Interval & Sweep Line Problems
🧩 Merge Intervals (LeetCode 56)
	Goal: Merge overlapping intervals into one.
	Intuition:
	→ Sort by start; if current.start ≤ prev.end → merge (update end = max).
	→ Else, push new interval.
	💡 “Sort → merge if touching.”

🧩 Meeting Rooms II (LeetCode 253)
	Goal: Minimum meeting rooms required.
	Intuition:
	→ Each meeting = +1 room at start, -1 at end → count overlaps.
	→ Sort starts and ends separately, or use a min-heap to track earliest end.
	💡 “More simultaneous meetings → more rooms.”

🧩 Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons (LeetCode 452)
	Goal: Minimum arrows to burst all balloons (intervals).
	Intuition:
	→ Same as non-overlapping intervals.
	→ Sort by end coordinate; shoot arrow at end of current interval → covers all overlapping balloons.
	💡 “Shoot at end of overlap zone.”

🧩 Car Pooling (LeetCode 1094)
	Goal: Check if car can handle all trips.
	Intuition:
	→ Line sweep on passenger count: +p at start, -p at end.
	→ Track running sum; if exceeds capacity → false.
	💡 “Track passenger flow over timeline.”

🧩 My Calendar I (LeetCode 729)
	Goal: Add new booking if no overlap with existing.
	Intuition:
	→ Keep sorted intervals; new booking valid if start ≥ prev.end or end ≤ next.start.
	→ Insert where it fits (no overlap).
	💡 “Maintain sorted, non-overlapping bookings.”



🟠 3. Greedy Sorting / Choice
🧩 Largest Number (LeetCode 179)
	Goal: Arrange numbers to form largest concatenated number.
	Intuition:
	→ Custom compare: “a before b” if ab > ba.
	→ Sort by this rule (string-based).
	💡 “Decide order by concatenation value, not numerical.”

🟢 Minimum Absolute Difference in Array (LeetCode 1200)
	Intuition:
	→ The minimum absolute difference will always appear between adjacent elements when the array is sorted.
	→ Why? Sorting places close-valued numbers next to each other, eliminating the need to compare distant pairs.
	→ So:
		Sort
		Scan linearly and track smallest diff
		Collect pairs that match that diff

	💡 “Sorting clusters closest numbers side by side — check neighbors only.”

🟢 Boats to Save People (LeetCode 881)
	Intuition:
	→ We want to use as few boats as possible, each holding at most 2 people and with a weight limit.
	→ Best greedy:
		Pair the heaviest person with the lightest person whenever possible.

	If they can’t fit together, the heaviest goes alone.
	→ Because the heaviest person can't pair with anyone heavier → try pairing with the minimum possible.

	→ Two pointers after sorting:
		i = lightest, j = heaviest
		If people[i] + people[j] <= limit → pair → i++ and j--
		Else → heavy goes alone → j--

		Count boats

	💡 “Always try to pair heaviest with lightest. If they don’t fit, no one fits with the heaviest.”

4. Task / Scheduling Greedy
🧩 Task Scheduler (LeetCode 621) – Count max frequency and calculate idle slots.
	We will start from character which has maximum frequency. 
	Why? Take example: "CCABC". If we start from A -> B -> C -> Idle -> C -> Idle -> C then we have three C. Now we will have idle slots. 
	If we have started from C -> A -> C -> B -> C

	We will take one priority queue which will have frequency of characters and everytime we will have the character with most frequency. 
	After using one character we will put it in queue with the time at which it will be available again. 

🧩 Reorganize String (LeetCode 767) – Greedy with heap to avoid adjacent duplicates. 
	Similar concept, we don't need queue here because every character need to be hold once. 
	Hence, we will use two variables char ch to hold the character and count to hold the count remaining. 

🧩 Rearrange Characters to Form Target String (LeetCode 2287) – Count-based greedy. 
	Goal: Maximum number of times you can form the target string from s.
	Intuition:
	→ Pure counting.
	→ For each character in target:
	possibleCount = freq_s[char] // freq_target[char]
	→ Answer = minimum across all characters.

	💡 "Limit depends on the rarest required character."

✅ Set Intersection Size ≥ 2 (LC 757) — Short Revision Note
	🎯 Goal
	Pick the minimum number of integers such that each interval contains at least 2 of those integers.

	🔑 Key Greedy Insight
	Always select the two largest possible numbers inside each interval.

	Why?
	→ Larger numbers have a higher chance of lying inside future intervals, reducing how many new numbers you need to add.

	📌 Sorting Strategy
	Sort intervals by:
		end ascending
		If same end → start descending (because tighter intervals come first)

	This ensures we always fill numbers as late as possible.

🧠 Maintain Two Values
	Keep track of:
		a = second largest selected number
		b = largest selected number

	These represent the last two chosen integers.

🚀 Greedy Cases for Each Interval
	For interval [l, r]:
		Case 1: Both a and b ≥ l
		→ Already have 2 numbers inside → do nothing.

		Case 2: Only b ≥ l
		→ Add 1 number: r
		→ Update: a = b, b = r

		Case 3: Neither a nor b ≥ l
		→ Add 2 numbers: r-1, r
		→ Update: a = r-1, b = r

⭐ Why It Works
	Choosing the latest numbers inside intervals maximizes overlap with upcoming intervals → minimizing additions.
	This is a classic choose-latest greedy.

📌 One-Line Memory Trick
	Sort by end ↑, pick r-1 and r.
	Keep two largest chosen numbers.
	Add 0 / 1 / 2 based on how many fall inside the interval.
	