Sliding Window Grind 
1. Maximum Sum Subarray of Size K (LeetCode 643 – Maximum Average Subarray I)
	→ Classic fixed-size window, compute sum efficiently.

2. Minimum Size Subarray Sum (LeetCode 209)
	→ Variable-size window, shrink from left when sum ≥ target.

3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters (LeetCode 3)
	→ HashSet/Map with sliding window.

4. Binary Subarray With Sum (LeetCode 930)
	Use HashMap, to check whether (sum - goal) came before or not. 
	It is difficult to calculate sum with exact goal. 
	Instead you can calculate: (Sum <= goal) - (Sum <= goal - 1) 

5. Max Consecutive Ones III
	At most k zero flips → sliding window with a counter or use k as a counter. 

6. Permutation in a String 
	Goal:
		Check if s2 contains any permutation of s1.

	Idea:
		Use a sliding window of size s1.length() over s2.
		Compare character frequencies of current window with s1.

	Steps:
		Count freq of chars in s1.
		Slide window over s2, update freq dynamically.
		If window size == s1.length() and freq matches → return true.

	Key Concept:
		→ Fixed-size window + frequency matching (using arrays of size 26).

	Complexity:
		Time Complexity: O(26 * n) 
		Space Complexity: O(1) 


	Approach (Sliding Window + Count Concept)
		freq1 → frequency of each character in s1.
		freq2 → frequency in current window of s2.
		size → number of unique characters in s1.
		count → number of characters whose frequency currently matches.

	Logic
		Build initial window of size n (same length as s1).
		If count == size → permutation found.

	Slide window:
		Remove one char from left, add one from right.
		Update count only when a char’s frequency equality breaks or restores.
		Continue until end of string.

	Key Idea
		Instead of comparing entire frequency arrays,
		→ use count to track how many characters currently match their required frequency.
		→ When count == size → window is valid.

	Complexity
		Time: O(m)
		Space: O(1) (26 letters fixed)

	Pattern Recognition
		This count concept is reused in:
			Minimum Window Substring
			Find All Anagrams
			Permutation in a String
			Any sliding window problem that compares frequency of elements
	

7. Fruit Into Baskets
	The problem is find the maxLen in which there are two different integers. 
	Edge case: What if there is only one type of fruit. No need to check after while loop if map.size() == 2, if it is one also then you can update the maxLen. 

8. Sliding Window Maximum 
	Solution 1: Maintain a window of k size. Put elements in Priority Queue and get the maximum in window. 

	Solution 2: Use Deque to maintain the descending order of the window. 
		Approach – Monotonic Deque (O(n))
			Use a Deque to store indices, not values.
			Maintain elements in decreasing order of values (front = largest).
			Each element is added and removed at most once → O(n).

		Steps
			Remove smaller elements from the back → they’ll never be max.
			Add current index to the back.
			Remove indices from the front if they’re out of the window (i - k).

			Once the first window forms (i >= k-1),
			→ Front of deque = index of max element, add it to result.

		Complexity
			Time: O(n)
			Space: O(k)

		Key Points
			Deque is maintained in descending order (values).
			Always store indices, not numbers.
			peekFirst() → gives index of current window’s maximum.
			Works efficiently because each element is processed once. 

9. Minimum Window Substring 
	Solution 1: We use two maps. map1 for string s and map2 for string t. 
		    We traverse on t and put all characters in map2. 
		    We started traversing on map1 and everytime followed these steps: 
			1. Put the character at ith index in map1. 
			2. Check if map1 contains all the characters in map2 with greater or same frequency. 
				It is a while loop moving until the above condition is true and everytime we are removing a character from left. 
				**** This condition is a overhead. Everytime we need to check if all the characters in map2 is in map1 with same frequency. **** 
			3. If it does, update leftIdx and minLen. 

	Solution 2: 
		Minimum Window Substring — Notes

		Problem:
			Find the smallest substring of s that contains all characters of t (including duplicates).

		Approach: 
			Sliding Window + HashMaps
			Store frequency of all chars in t → map2.
			Use another map (map1) to track current window frequencies.
			Expand window by moving right pointer and update map1.
			When all required chars are matched → try shrinking from left to minimize window.
			Keep track of smallest valid window.

		Code Concept:
			if(map2.containsKey(ch) && map1.get(ch).intValue() == map2.get(ch).intValue()) 
			    count++;

			while(count == map2.size()) {
			    // valid window → update min length
			    // shrink from left
			}

		🔹 Count Concept (Key Idea)			
			count = number of characters whose frequency in current window matches the required frequency in t.
			When count == map2.size(),
			→ All required characters are satisfied → current window is valid.

			This avoids comparing whole maps repeatedly.

		Used in many problems like:
			Permutation in String
			Find All Anagrams
			Smallest Window Substring

		Time Complexity:
			O(n + m) — each character visited at most twice (by left and right).

		Space Complexity:
			O(1) or O(256) (since fixed character set).







Pattern Recognition
	This count concept is reused in:
		Minimum Window Substring
		Find All Anagrams
		Permutation in a String
		Any sliding window problem that compares frequency of elements 

10. Shortest Subarray with Sum at Least K 
	We iterate through the array while maintaining prefix sums in increasing order.
	If the new prefix sum is smaller than some of the previous ones → remove those (they’ll never be useful again).
	If the difference between current prefix and the front of deque ≥ K → we’ve found a valid (and possibly shortest) subarray, so remove the front (it’s now outdated).
	Keep doing this as we go, ensuring we always have the best candidates to get sum ≥ K with minimal length.

	I am iterating and adding the num. When the cumulative sum drops, we remove all the previous greater sums, because in future when i found cumulative sum > k, then i would want to 	remove the number which is the smallest and came later in nums. In this way it is more likely that we will still be greater than k and the length will be smallest. 

11. Substring with Concatenation of All Words 
	Sliding Window + HashMaps 

	1. Build Frequency Map for Target Words 
	2. Why We Use Multiple Offsets
		Each word has the same fixed length (wordLength).
		This means valid windows can start at:
			Offset 0
			Offset 1

			… up to (wordLength - 1)

		Example:
		s = "barfoo...", wordLength = 3
		→ valid windows start at 0, 1, or 2.
		
		So, we run the sliding window from each offset separately. 

		We start from 0 to wordLength because if we do so every possible substring will be covered. 

	3. Sliding Window Logic
		We use:
			left → start index of window
			j → moving end index (right pointer)
			map1 → frequency map of current window words
			wordMap → target frequency map
			When a word count exceeds, we shrink the window from left. 

	4. Step-by-Step Logic
		For each offset i:
			Initialize map1 = {}, left = i
			Move j from i to n, stepping by wordLength
			Extract curr = s.substring(j, j + wordLength)
			If curr not in wordMap →
				reset map1 and move left to j + wordLength (new window start)
			Else:
				Add curr to map1

			If count of curr > allowed →
			shrink window from left until valid

			If window size matches total words →
			✅ Add left index to answer list
			Then, slide by one word to continue.

		