Explain Inheritance

Inheritance in Java
	Inheritance is one of the four fundamental principles of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP). 
	It allows one class (the subclass or child class) to inherit the fields and methods of another class (the superclass or parent class).

What is Inheritance?
	Inheritance enables a new class to acquire the properties and behaviors of an existing class. 
	The new class, known as the subclass, can add its own fields and methods in addition to the inherited ones.

Why Do We Need Inheritance?
	Code Reusability: Inheritance promotes the reuse of existing code. Subclasses can reuse fields and methods of the superclass, avoiding code duplication.
	Method Overriding: Subclasses can provide specific implementations for methods that are defined in the superclass, which allows for dynamic method resolution.
	Polymorphism: Inheritance supports polymorphism, enabling objects of different classes to be treated as objects of a common superclass. This is useful for writing flexible and 			reusable code.

What Problem Does It Solve?
	Reduces Code Duplication: By allowing subclasses to inherit common functionality from a superclass, inheritance reduces code redundancy.
	Enhances Maintainability: Changes in the common functionality need to be made only in the superclass, which propagates to all subclasses, making the code easier to maintain.
	Simplifies Code: Inheritance simplifies the code by allowing hierarchical class organization, making it easier to understand and manage.

When to Use Inheritance?
	When there is a natural hierarchical relationship: Use inheritance when classes have a natural "is-a" relationship, e.g., a Dog "is-a" Animal.
	To reuse code: When you want to use existing code in new contexts without rewriting it.
	To implement polymorphism: When you need to handle a group of related objects uniformly.

❓ How to Use Inheritance?
1. Defining the Superclass:
	The superclass contains fields and methods that will be inherited by the subclass.

	public class Animal {
	    private String name;
	
	    public Animal(String name) {
	    	this.name = name;
	    }

	    public void makeSound() {
    		System.out.println(&quot;Some generic animal sound&quot;);
	    }

	    public String getName() {
    		return name;
	    }
	}

2. Defining the Subclass:
	The subclass extends the superclass using the extends keyword and inherits its properties and methods.

	public class Dog extends Animal {
    		public Dog(String name) {
        		super(name); // Call the constructor of the superclass
    		}

		@Override
		public void makeSound() {
    			System.out.println(&quot;Bark&quot;);
		}

		public void fetch() {
    			System.out.println(getName() + &quot; is fetching the ball&quot;);
		}
	}

3. Using the Subclass:
	You can create instances of the subclass and use both inherited and newly defined methods.

	public class Main {
    		public static void main(String[] args) {
        		Dog dog = new Dog("Buddy");
        		dog.makeSound(); // Output: Bark
        		dog.fetch(); // Output: Buddy is fetching the ball
    		}
	}

Key Points to Remember
	super keyword: Used to call the constructor of the superclass or access its members.
	Method Overriding: Subclasses can override methods of the superclass to provide specific behavior.
	Single Inheritance: Java supports single inheritance, meaning a class can only extend one superclass. However, multiple inheritance of type can be achieved using interfaces.
	Access Control: The access specifier of the superclass members determines their visibility in the subclass (e.g., private members are not inherited, protected members are accessible).

Follow-up Questions
1. What is the difference between super and this?
	Answer: super is used to refer to the immediate parent class instance, while this refers to the current class instance.

2. Can constructors be inherited?
	Answer: No, constructors are not inherited, but a subclass can call a superclass constructor using super.

3. What is method overriding?
	Answer: Method overriding occurs when a subclass provides a specific implementation for a method that is already defined in its superclass.

4. What is the difference between inheritance and composition?
	Answer: Inheritance defines a "is-a" relationship, whereas composition defines a "has-a" relationship. Composition is generally preferred for greater flexibility.

5. What is multiple inheritance and how does Java handle it?
	Answer: Multiple inheritance means a class can inherit from multiple classes. 
	Java does not support multiple inheritance with classes to avoid complexity and ambiguity, but it allows multiple inheritance through interfaces.