1. What is a Git Pull Request?
	A Pull Request, commonly called a PR, is a way to propose changes to a codebase in a collaborative environment. 
	When I finish working on a feature or a bug fix on my own branch, I raise a Pull Request to merge my changes into the main or target branch.

	For example, in my project, whenever I complete writing automation scripts for a new feature, I push my code to my feature branch and raise a PR to the main or develop branch. 
	Before the code is merged, my team lead or a senior member reviews the code, adds comments if any changes are needed, and once it's approved, the PR is merged.

	The main purpose of a Pull Request is:
		Code review — so that at least one other person verifies the changes before merging
		Collaboration — team members can comment, suggest improvements, or request changes
		Quality control — it prevents directly pushing untested or broken code to the main branch

	In tools like GitHub or Bitbucket, a PR also shows the diff — meaning exactly what lines were added, modified, or deleted — which makes review very easy.
	In short, a Pull Request is a formal request saying — 'I have made these changes, please review and merge them into the main codebase.'

2. How do you create branches in github?
	There are multiple ways to create a branch in GitHub. In my day to day work I have used both the command line as well as the GitHub UI.
	
	The most common way I use is through Git commands in the terminal. First I make sure I am on the latest version of the main branch by running:
		git checkout main
		git pull origin main

	Then I create a new branch and switch to it using:
		git checkout -b feature/login-automation
		The -b flag creates the branch and switches to it at the same time. 
		Once I am on the new branch, I make my changes, stage them, commit them, and push the branch to GitHub using:
			git add .
			git commit -m "Added automation scripts for login feature"
			git push origin feature/login-automation

	After pushing, I go to GitHub and raise a Pull Request to merge it into the main or develop branch.

	Apart from this, you can also create a branch directly from the GitHub UI by going to the repository, clicking on the branch dropdown, typing a new branch name, 	and selecting 'Create branch'.

	In our project we followed a proper naming convention for branches like:
	feature/ — for new automation scripts
	bugfix/ — for fixing broken test cases
	hotfix/ — for urgent fixes on main branch

	This made it very easy for the entire team to understand the purpose of each branch just by looking at the name.

3. Write core components of development in CI/CD pipeline?
	A CI/CD pipeline is an automated process that takes code from a developer's commit all the way to production deployment without manual intervention. 
	It stands for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery or Continuous Deployment. Let me walk you through the core components one by one.

	The first component is Source Code Management. This is where everything starts. 
	Developers push their code to a version control system like GitHub or Bitbucket. 
	The pipeline is triggered automatically as soon as a commit or pull request is raised on a specific branch. 
	In our project, any push to the develop branch would automatically trigger the pipeline.

	The second component is the Build Stage. 
	Once the code is pushed, the pipeline compiles the code and packages it into a deployable artifact — like a JAR file in Java or a Docker image. 
	Tools like Maven or Gradle are used for building Java projects. If the build fails, the pipeline stops immediately and the developer is notified.

	The third component is the Testing Stage. This is the most important stage from a QA perspective. It has multiple layers:
		Unit Tests run first — they are fast and test individual methods or classes
		Integration Tests run next — they test how different modules or services work together
		API Tests — tools like RestAssured or Postman Newman are used to validate API responses
		UI Automation Tests — Selenium test suite runs to validate critical user flows
		Code Quality Checks — tools like SonarQube scan the code for bugs, vulnerabilities, and code smells

		If any test fails in this stage, the pipeline is stopped and the code is not moved forward.

	The fourth component is the Artifact Management. 
	Once the build and tests pass, the compiled artifact or Docker image is stored in a central repository like Nexus, JFrog Artifactory, or Docker Hub. This ensures 	that the exact same artifact that was tested is the one that gets deployed — no rebuilding happens at deployment time.

	The fifth component is the Deployment Stage. 
	The tested and stored artifact is now deployed to the target environment. This usually happens in stages:
		Dev Environment → QA Environment → Staging Environment → Production
	Each environment promotion can be automatic or can require a manual approval gate — especially before production deployment.

	The sixth component is Environment Configuration Management. 
	Each environment — dev, QA, staging, production — has different configurations like database URLs, API keys, and credentials. 
	Tools like Kubernetes ConfigMaps, AWS Parameter Store, or environment variables are used to manage these configurations separately from the code.

	The seventh component is Monitoring and Notifications. 
	After deployment, the pipeline monitors the health of the application. If something fails, alerts are sent to the team via email or Slack. 
	Tools like Grafana, Prometheus, or AWS CloudWatch are used for monitoring. In our project, we had Slack notifications set up — so whenever a pipeline failed, the 	entire team was notified immediately.

4. What are the advantages of implementing CI/CD?
	CI/CD has been one of the most impactful practices in our project. 
	It completely changed the way we developed, tested, and delivered software. Let me walk you through the key advantages I have observed and experienced.

	The first and most important advantage is Early Bug Detection. 
	Before CI/CD, developers would write code for days and testing would happen much later. 
	By that time, bugs were deeply embedded and very expensive to fix. 
	With CI/CD, every single code commit triggers an automated build and test run. So if a developer pushes a breaking change, the pipeline catches it within minutes. 	In our project, this drastically reduced the number of bugs reaching the QA environment.

	The second advantage is Faster Release Cycles. 
	Earlier, releasing a new feature used to take weeks because everything was done manually — building, testing, and deploying. 
	With CI/CD, this entire process is automated. We were able to release features much faster and more frequently. This gives the business a huge competitive 	advantage because new features reach the customer quickly.

	The third advantage is Consistent and Reliable Deployments. 
	Manual deployments are error prone — someone might miss a configuration step or deploy the wrong version. 
	CI/CD ensures that the exact same process runs every single time. 
	The same artifact that was built and tested is the one that gets deployed to production. This consistency builds confidence in every release.

	The fourth advantage is Immediate Feedback to Developers. 
	In our project, whenever a pipeline failed, the developer who pushed the code received an immediate Slack notification with the failure details. This means 	developers fix issues while the code is still fresh in their minds rather than coming back to it days later. This saves a lot of debugging time.

	The fifth advantage is Reduced Manual Effort. 
	Before CI/CD, QA engineers had to manually trigger test runs, manually deploy builds, and manually send status reports. 
	With CI/CD all of this is automated. As a QA automation engineer, my Selenium and API test suites were integrated into the pipeline and they would run 	automatically on every build. This freed up my time to focus on writing better test cases rather than doing repetitive manual work.

	The sixth advantage is Better Code Quality. 
	CI/CD pipelines integrate code quality tools like SonarQube that automatically scan every commit for bugs, vulnerabilities, and code smells. 
	If the code does not meet the quality threshold, the pipeline fails and the code is not moved forward. This enforces a culture of writing clean and maintainable 	code across the entire team.

	The seventh advantage is Faster Recovery from Failures. 
	Because deployments are automated and every version is stored as an artifact, rolling back to a previous stable version is very quick and easy. 
	In a manual process, rollback could take hours. With CI/CD it can happen in minutes.

	The eighth advantage is Improved Team Collaboration. 
	CI/CD creates a shared pipeline that the entire team — developers, QA, and DevOps — can see and monitor. 
	Everyone knows the current status of the build. If something is broken, the whole team is aware immediately. This transparency improves communication and 	accountability across the team.

5. What is branching in CI/CD and how it is followed? What are its advantages?
	Branching in CI/CD refers to the practice of using separate Git branches for different stages of development, and having the CI/CD pipeline behave differently 	based on which branch the code is pushed to. 
	It is not just about creating branches in Git — it is about how those branches are connected to your automated pipeline and deployment environments.

	We had the following branches:
		main        → Production ready code only -> Production Environment
		develop     → Integration branch — all features merged here -> QA Environment
		feature/*   → Individual feature development -> Development Environment
		bugfix/*    → Bug fixes -> Development Environment
		hotfix/*    → Urgent fixes directly on production
		release/*   → Final testing before production -> Staging Environment

	The flow we followed was:
	When a developer starts working on a new feature, they create a feature/ branch from develop. 
	They work on their feature, push the code, and raise a Pull Request back to develop. 
	At this point the CI pipeline triggers automatically — it runs the build, unit tests, and API tests on that feature branch. 
	If everything passes, the PR is approved and merged into develop.

	On the develop branch, a more comprehensive pipeline runs — including integration tests, Selenium UI automation tests, and code quality checks. This is our QA 	environment pipeline.
	Once enough features are accumulated on develop and the team decides to prepare for release, a release/ branch is created from develop. This branch is deployed to 	the Staging environment where final regression testing happens.

	After the release branch is fully tested and approved, it is merged into main. 
	The pipeline on main is the most strict one — it deploys directly to Production and has a manual approval gate before deployment.
	If there is an urgent bug in production, a hotfix/ branch is created directly from main, fixed, tested, and merged back into both main and develop so both are in 	sync.

	Advantages of Branching in CI/CD
	1. Isolated Development
		Every feature or fix is developed in its own branch without affecting other work. Developers can work in parallel without stepping on each other's code.

	2. Environment Stability
		Each branch maps to a specific environment. This ensures the QA environment always has integrated code, staging always has release-ready code, and 			production always has fully approved code.

	3. Controlled and Safe Deployments
		Code does not jump directly from development to production. 
		It passes through multiple stages — Dev, QA, Staging — before reaching Production. 
		Each stage acts as a quality gate.

	4. Early Bug Detection Per Branch
		Since every branch triggers its own pipeline, bugs are caught at the earliest possible stage — even before the code is merged into develop. This prevents 		bad code from polluting shared branches.

	5. Faster Hotfixes Without Disrupting Flow
		The hotfix/ branch allows urgent production fixes to be delivered quickly without waiting for all the features currently in development to be ready. The 		normal development flow continues uninterrupted.

	6. Complete Audit Trail
		Every branch, commit, PR, pipeline run, and deployment is tracked. If something goes wrong in production, you can trace exactly which branch, which commit, 		and which pipeline run caused it.

	7. Supports Team Collaboration at Scale
		Multiple teams can work on multiple features simultaneously using separate branches. The CI/CD pipeline validates each team's work independently before 		integration.

	8. Rollback is Easy
		Since each branch deployment creates a versioned artifact, rolling back to a previous stable version is quick and straightforward without affecting other 		branches.

6. Challenges in CI/CD?
	The first challenge I faced was Flaky Tests. This was the most frustrating day to day challenge. Flaky tests are tests that sometimes pass and sometimes fail 	without any code change. In our Selenium automation suite, some tests were dependent on network speed, page load time, or dynamic elements — and they would 	randomly fail in the pipeline. This caused false alarms and the team started losing trust in the pipeline results. We handled this by adding proper explicit waits, 	fixing unstable locators, and implementing a retry mechanism for failed tests.

	The second challenge was Slow Pipeline Execution. As our test suite grew, the pipeline started taking a very long time to complete. At one point our full 	regression suite was taking close to 2 hours to finish. This defeated the purpose of CI/CD because developers were waiting too long for feedback. We solved this by 	parallelizing our test execution using Selenium Grid and splitting tests into smaller independent jobs that ran simultaneously.

	The third challenge was Environment Management. Maintaining consistent environments across Dev, QA, Staging, and Production was very difficult. Many times a test 	would pass in QA but fail in Staging because of configuration differences or different versions of dependencies. We addressed this by containerizing our 	environments using Docker so every environment was identical.

	The fourth challenge was Test Data Management. Every time the pipeline ran, it needed fresh and consistent test data. In a shared QA environment, multiple 	pipelines running simultaneously would interfere with each other's test data causing random failures. We handled this by creating isolated test data sets for each 	pipeline run and cleaning up after each execution.

	The fifth challenge was Managing Pipeline as Code. Initially our Jenkins pipeline configuration was done manually through the UI. When Jenkins crashed or needed to 	be rebuilt, we lost all our pipeline configurations. We solved this by moving to Pipeline as Code using Jenkinsfile stored in the Git repository itself. This way 	the pipeline configuration was version controlled just like the application code.

	The sixth challenge was Security in the Pipeline. The pipeline had access to sensitive information like database credentials, API keys, and cloud access tokens. 	Storing these as plain text in configuration files was a security risk. We addressed this by using secrets management tools like Jenkins Credentials Store and AWS 	Secrets Manager to securely inject credentials at runtime without exposing them in the codebase.

	The seventh challenge was Handling Microservices Dependencies. In our microservices project, some services depended on other services to be up and running for 	integration tests to pass. If one dependent service was down or had an issue, all the pipelines that depended on it would fail even though the code being tested 	was perfectly fine. We handled this by using mock servers and service virtualization to simulate dependent services during testing.

	The eighth challenge was Onboarding the Entire Team. CI/CD is not just a tool — it is a culture change. Initially some developers were resistant to the strict 	pipeline rules like mandatory PR reviews and not being allowed to push directly to main. Getting everyone on the team aligned with the CI/CD practices and 	discipline took time and consistent effort from the team leads.

	The ninth challenge was Monitoring and Debugging Pipeline Failures. When a pipeline failed, identifying the root cause was not always straightforward — especially 	in a microservices setup with distributed logs. We set up centralized logging and Slack notifications with direct links to the failed stage so the team could 	quickly identify and fix the issue.