	
1. An Interface in Java programming language is defined as an abstract type used to specify the behavior of a class. 
   An interface in Java is a blueprint of a class. It has static constants and abstract methods.

   An interface in Java is a blueprint of a class that defines a set of abstract methods (and constants) which a class must implement.
   It is used to achieve abstraction and multiple inheritance in Java.

2. Interface vs Abstract Class
	Definition: 
			An abstract class is a class that cannot be instantiated and may contain abstract methods (methods without a body) that subclasses must implement. 
			It can also contain concrete methods with a body.

			An interface is a completely abstract class in which all methods are abstract by default (prior to Java 8). 
			It defines a contract that implementing classes must adhere to, specifying methods that must be implemented.

	Multiple Inheritance:
			In languages like Java, a class can extend only one abstract class due to single inheritance.

			A class can implement multiple interfaces, allowing for multiple inheritance of type.

	Implementation:
			Can have both abstract and non-abstract methods. It can also have instance variables.

			Can only have constants and method declarations. From Java 8 onwards, interfaces can also have default methods (methods with a default implementation) and static 			methods.

	Purpose and Usage:
			Used when some common functionality among multiple related classes can be abstracted out. It provides a base for subclasses to extend and specialize. 

			Used to specify a set of methods that a class must implement. Interfaces are used to achieve abstraction and multiple inheritance of type.

	Where to Use:
			Use abstract classes when you want to provide a default implementation of some methods and leave other methods (abstract methods) to be implemented by subclasses. 			Abstract classes are useful when you have a base class that should not be instantiated directly but provides common behavior for its subclasses. 

			Use interfaces when you want to specify a contract that multiple unrelated classes can implement. Interfaces are useful when you want to achieve loose coupling and 			provide a way for unrelated classes to communicate through a common interface.

	- Can an abstract class have constructors?
	- Answer: Yes, an abstract class can have constructors. These constructors are used when subclasses are instantiated and may initialize the common state defined by the abstract 		class.

	- Why would you choose to use an interface instead of an abstract class?
	- Answer: You would choose an interface over an abstract class when you need to define a contract for unrelated classes to implement without providing any default behavior. 			Interfaces support multiple inheritance of type, allowing a class to implement multiple interfaces.

	- How does Java 8's introduction of default methods in interfaces affect their usage?
	- Answer: Java 8 introduced default methods in interfaces, allowing interfaces to have method implementations. This enables interfaces to provide concrete methods without requiring 		implementing classes to override them. Default methods provide flexibility in evolving interfaces without breaking existing implementations.


3. Every other rule is same for Interfaces as in Inheritance.
   For example, If you "Engine" Interface and "Car" Class then you can have:
		Car car = new Car();
   as well as 	Engine car = new Car();
   All the rules applied will be same as before.

4. Both in Inheritance as well as Interfaces, overridden methods should be with same access modifier as in parent class
   (or interface) or it should be better.
   For example if the method which need to be overridden is protected, then in subclass it should be protected or better
   such as public.

5. When to use Interfaces and when to use Abstract Classes?
	If you have a class with all abstract methods and no static or other normal methods, it's better to create interfaces.
	Syntax will be more readable.

6. Why interfaces can only have static and final variable?

	static (Shared by Everyone):
		Think of a signboard in a school. It has rules like "No running in the hallways." That signboard is the same for all students. Similarly, variables in an interface are 		shared by everyone (all classes using the interface). You don’t need to make a new signboard for every student.

	final (Cannot Change):
		Imagine that rule on the signboard says, "No running in the hallways." No teacher or student can change it to "Running is allowed." Similarly, variables in an interface are 		constants—they are fixed and cannot be changed.

	Why Not Regular Variables?
		If interfaces allowed variables to change, it would be like giving each student their own version of the signboard with different rules. This would defeat the purpose of 		having a common blueprint.

7. Types of Interfaces
	1. Normal Interface: Interface with two or more methods.
	2. Functional/Single Abstract Method(SAM) Interface: Interface with only one method.
	3. Marker Interface: Interface with no method.(We use it to allow somethings like serialization).