1. In graph, we have two traversal techniques: BFS and DFS.

2. In BFS, we travel level-wise. Whenever I need to find minimum time to reach everywhere from a certain time or nearest.
   We store the starting points and then traverse all sides.
   Example: Rotten Oranges, Distance of nearest cell having one.

3. How to recognize a graph problem?
   1. Look for connections, relationships, or links between entities
	If the problem talks about:
	Cities and roads
	People and friendships
	Computers and cables
	Islands and bridges
	Rooms and doors

	You're almost certainly dealing with a graph (either directed or undirected).

   2. Keywords that usually hint at a graph
	"Find if there is a path between..."
	"Minimum number of steps/connections to reach..."
	"Cycle detection..."
	"Connected components..."
	"Is it possible to reach X from Y?"
	"Can we visit all nodes/locations?"
	"Hierarchy, precedence, or dependency (like course schedule)".

   3. Constraints that imply graph
	Input given as: edges, adjacency list, adjacency matrix
	Mention of nodes or vertices and edges
	n and m where n = number of nodes, m = number of edges

   4.  When the problem involves traversal or reachability
	DFS or BFS is involved
	You have to visit every node once
	You have to find shortest/longest paths (Dijkstra, Bellman-Ford)

   5. Grid-based problems can also be graphs
	If you have a 2D grid and:
		You can move up/down/left/right (or diagonally)
		You need to visit cells under constraints (e.g., islands, flood fill, number of regions)
		Then you're often modeling the grid as a graph where each cell is a node and neighbors are edges.

4. Detect a cycle in undirected graph
	1. Using BFS and DFS
	   You need to maintain parent node(If it's already visited but not parent then yes there is a cycle)

5. Bipartite Graph
	If you start filling the nodes with two different colors then adjacent nodes should have different colors.
	If the next node is already visited and it has different color, yes it is bipartite else it isn't.

6. Detect cycle in directed graph
	Using DFS: You need to use vis and pathVis and if any node is visited and path Visited then it's a cycle. 

7. Topological Sort (Directed Acyclic Graph – DAG)
	Definition
		Topological Sort of a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) is a linear ordering of vertices such that for every directed edge u → v,
		👉 vertex u appears before vertex v in the ordering.

	Only possible in DAGs (not valid if the graph has a cycle).

	🔹 Approaches
	1. DFS (Stack method)
		Perform DFS on each unvisited node.
		After visiting all neighbors, push the node into a stack.
		Finally, pop all elements from the stack → gives the topological order.

	Steps:
		Mark node as visited.
		DFS on all unvisited neighbors.
		Push node into stack after processing neighbors.
		Pop stack into result.

	2. BFS (Kahn’s Algorithm)
		Based on in-degree (number of incoming edges).
		Nodes with in-degree 0 are ready to be placed first.

	Steps:
		Compute in-degree for all nodes.
		Push all nodes with in-degree 0 into a queue.
		While queue not empty:
			Pop node → add to result.
			Reduce in-degree of neighbors.
			If any neighbor’s in-degree becomes 0, push into queue.
			If result contains all nodes → valid order.
			Otherwise, graph has a cycle (not a DAG).

	Since, you are reducing the indegree of neighbor by one and adding in queue if the indegree becomes 0. 
	If graph contains cycle there will exist a node for which indegree will never become zero.
	If toposort does not contains all the nodes, there is a cycle. 
	Hence, by using Kahn's Algorithm you can also find if graph has a cycle. 

8. Detect cycle in directed graph
	Using BFS: Use Kahn's algorithm. 

9. Shortes Path in DAG 
	Problem: Given a weighted DAG, find the shortest path from source (node 0) to all other nodes.

	Solution 1: We used BFS, to calculate shortest path in DAG. We add 0 in queue and start removing from queue until the queue is empty. 
		    Every time we pull out the top element from queue and move to its neighbor. 
		    If the cost of moving to neighbor is less than its current cost, then we inserted in queue. 
		    dist[next] > dist[curr] + weight;

		    But in this approach, everytime we are reaching the element and cost to reach is reducing everytime. We will push in queue everytime. 
		    It is possible everytime we are reaching an element we are inserting it in queue, hence making time complexity: O(VE). 

	Solution 2: We first found toposort either using DFS or Kahn's algorithm. 
		    We start popping out from stack and move to neighbor and update the distance of neighbor. 
		    If cost of reaching neighbor from current is less than current cost of neighbor, we update the cost of neighbor. 

	Intution behind this approach: 
		    We start from the elements which appear before and move to the neighbors. 
		    If i reached an element, it means every one who appears before current element has already been visited. 
		    And dist[curr] is already least. No one can change it. 
		    And we can visit other elements from here. 

		    Suppose stack contains: 6 4 5 3 1 2 
		    Suppose, we have reached 5, it means 6 and 4 are already visited. There is no one who can visit 5. 
		    From 5, i visit its neighbor. 

	Pattern
		Topological sort + relaxation.
		Since graph is acyclic, shortest path can be found by processing nodes in topological order.
		Each edge (u → v, w) is relaxed only once in correct order.

	Steps
		Perform a topological sort of all vertices.
		Initialize distance array dist[] with ∞, except dist[src] = 0.
		Process nodes in topological order:
		For each edge (u → v, w):
			dist[v] = min(dist[v], dist[u] + w).

		Nodes not reachable from source → mark as -1.

	Time Complexity: O(N + M) → Topological sort + edge relaxation.
	Space Complexity: O(N + M) → Graph adjacency + stack + dist[].

	Intuition
		We use topological order because in a DAG, all dependencies of a node appear before it, ensuring correct relaxation.

10. Shortest Path in Undirected Graph with unit distance 
	We will use plain BFS, maintain a distance array and everyone with maximum value. And the source distance as 0. 
	We will maintain a queue and add the source in queue. 
	Everytime we pull out the element from queue and move to neighbors. 
	If the dist[next] > dist[curr] + 1, then will push into queue and update dist[next] = dist[curr] + 1. 

11. Word Ladder (Shortest Transformation Sequence)
	Problem: You are given a beginWord, an endWord, and a dictionary (wordList). You can transform one word to another if they differ by exactly one letter. Find the shortest 	transformation sequence length from beginWord to endWord.

	Pattern:
		This is a shortest path problem in an implicit unweighted graph.
		Each word is a node.
		An edge exists between two words if they differ by exactly one letter.
		Since all edges have equal weight (1), we use BFS.

	Why not build the whole graph?
		Explicitly comparing all pairs is O(N^2 * L) (too slow).
		Instead, generate neighbors on the fly:
		For each word, change each character to 'a'–'z' → 26 possibilities per position.
		Check if the new word exists in the dictionary (HashSet lookup O(1)).

	Steps:
		Put beginWord in a queue.
		For each word dequeued, generate all possible neighbors.
		If neighbor is in the dictionary → push into queue with distance + 1, and remove from dictionary to avoid revisits.
		If neighbor equals endWord → return the distance.
		If queue exhausts → no transformation exists, return 0.

	Time Complexity:
		Each word generates at most L * 26 neighbors.
		Each valid word is processed once.

	Total: O(N * L * 26).
	Space Complexity: O(N * L) for queue and dictionary. 