Pattern3: Remove Elements Based on Condition

In these type of problems, we need to maintain order and we need to maintain some conditions. If these conditions break, we remove elements. 
Sometimes we need to maintain frequency and based on that we think ahead.
To maintain frequency we use int[] freq = new int[26] or sometimes we store in pairs. 

1. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String
	First thoughts: I thought of iterating through array and and checking with next element and if they both are equal removing them. 
			But it is going to be really complex, after removing where will i keep my "i"?

	How i thought of stack? 
			Everytime i wanted to hold the previous value. 
			We could have used map then? Why stack?
			We wanted to hold the previous value in order, the question was not what came before? the question what just came before?
			And whenever my solution depends on previous or next values in order then stack. 

	What was the approach?
			I iterated over string and everytime i saw if that character is present in stack or not?
			If it is present, i popped out because it just came before and making a pair with the current one.
			If it is not present, i just pushed the current character.

			Example: "abbaca"
			I stored 'a', 'b' in stack and when 'b' came again i saw they are equal, i popped it. 
			Now, i wanted to compare with 0th index 'a' and that is what is stored in the top of stack. 

2. Make The String Great
	Similar Problem with a little tweak. 

3. Backspace String Compare
	Everytime, i get a '#', i had to remove the previous element. 
	I maintained a stack and did that.

	Beautiful implentation. Look the solution for 27/7/25. 

4. Remove Duplicate Letters
	If we were required to maintain unique character, we could have used set.
	But we were required to maintain order also. Hence, stack.

	How did we approach the problem?
		If we would have just used stack and popped the characters from stack we may have removed the characters which were not appearing later. 
		In this example: [b,c,a,b] when we would have reached 'a', we may have removed 'c' and 'b'.
		Hence, we will remove only when character in stack appears later too. 

		How can we know if it appears later?
		Maintain a frequency array and if freq[ch - 'a'] > 0, we can remove otherwise no.

		If we follow this approach, we might add someone who is already present.
		Like in this example: [b, c, a, b]
		I will add b, c, a in stack and when 'b' comes again i will add again as it is greater than 'a'.

		Hence, everytime first i decreased the freq then i checked if it is already present. 
		If it is we continue and if it isn't we checked until the stack is empty and stack.peek() >= ch && freq[stack.peek() - 'a'] > 0.
		And everytime we pop(), we make seen[stack.pop() - 'a'] = false. 
		Finally, we make seen[ch - 'a'] as true and add "ch" in stack. 

5. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II
	Here also we wanted to maintain the order and we also wanted the count of previous occuring characters. 
	But we cannot store in int[] freq = new int[26] because we want to maintain the consecutive freq which means if characters appeared consecutively. 
	Hence, we thought to store in form of pairs of (ch, freq). 

	If the current character is not equal to the top of stack, we push (ch, 1)
	If it is we increased the count and checks if it matches with k and if it does we removed until we have same characters. 
	But if freq is not equal to k, we pushed (ch, stack.peek().freq + 1).