Pattern 3 (Sorting Greedy)
	This requires:
		Choosing correct sorting key
		Proving greedy correctness
		Understanding exchange argument
		Trusting irreversible choice
		This is more abstract.

In pattern 2, we know: 
	Push
	Pop best
	Maintain constraint

PATTERN 3: Sorting-Based Greedy (15 problems)
	Core idea: sort first, greedy choice later
		1. Assign Cookies
		2. Boats to Save People
		3. Queue Reconstruction by Height
		4. Largest Number
		5. Minimum Number of Coins
		6. Advantage Shuffle
		7. Two City Scheduling
		8. Minimum Absolute Difference
		9. Can Place Flowers
		10. Wiggle Subsequence
		11. Partition Array Into Disjoint Intervals
		12. Maximum Ice Cream Bars
		13. Reduction Operations to Make the Array Elements Equal
		14. Maximum Swap
		15. Maximize Sum After K Negations

In most of the problems in this pattern we are mapping, smallest with smallest or largest with largest or smallest with largest or largest with smallest. 

1. Assign Cookies
	Sort both
	Give the smallest cookie to the one with smallest apetite. 

2. Boats to Save People 
	Sort 
	Take minimum and maximum weight together, if possible. 

3. Queue Reconstruction by Height 

4. Largest Number 

6. Advantage Shuffle 
	Map the largest in nums2 with largest in nums1. 

	We put everyone in nums2 in priority queue with their index and sort the nums1. 
	Get the largest one from prirority queue and map with largest in nums1. 
	If current largest in nums1 is not greater than current element in prirority queue, this means no one exists to map this element in priority queue. 
	Hence, at this index assign the smallest one in nums1 because in future there is least chances that smallest in nums1 will be greater than anyone in nums2. 

	Suppose nums1 is 2,8,10 and prirority queue top is 11. Hence no one in nums1 is greater than 11. 
	At 11 element index we will put the smallest(2). 
	Why not 8 or 10 because let's suppose next elements in prirority queue was 7 and 6. If we put 8 then again no one will be greater. 
	If we put 2, then 7 will be matched with 10 and 6 will be matched with 8. 

7. Two City Scheduling
	If difference between costs[0] and costs[1] is extremely negative, it means cost of reaching city A is extremely less comparatively cost of reaching city B. 
	If difference between costs[0] and costs[1] is extremely positive, it means cost of reaching city B is extremely less comparatively cost of reaching city A. 

	Hence, we sorted costs on difference between costs[0] ans costs[1] and since for starting persons cost of reaching city A is lesser than cost of reaching city B. 
	We took n persons from starting for city and remaining n person for city B. 

9. Can Place Flowers
	We are traversing and greedily placing the flowers if possible. 

10. Wiggle Subsequence
	I was trying to solve this problem using different appraoches. 
	But then i saw ziggle mountains, up and down. 

	It means if previous it was increasing we need decreasing. 
	If previous was decreasing we need increasing. 

	We need to handle equals in the starting, so till it is equal move ahead. 
	Why to handle equals in starting only not in middle? 
	If equal comes in middle, don't take it and move ahead and look for greater if previous was negative and look for smaller if previous was positive. 

11. Partition Array Into Disjoint Intervals
	Suppose we divide array into two parts, then we want Maximum of left <= Minimum of right. 
	Hence, we found maximum of left for all index and minimum of right for all index. 

	Then we optimize it, why to store both store one and calculate other on the go. 

13. Reduction Operations to Make the Array Elements Equal
	Approach 1: I wanted largest element, i thought of using prirority queue but i wanted their frequency too. 
		    Hence, i used treemap to maintain order and get index. 

		    In every step, i took out the largest and nextLargest element and number of operations required to convert all largest to nextLargest will be equal to number of 			    largest. 
		    Since, i converted all largest to nextLargest, the nextLargest count will increase by count of largest. 
		    We increased the count of nextLargest and put it in map. 

	Approach 2: I thought we want all large number at once, so what if we sort and start taking from end, all large element will be at end. 

14. Maximum Swap
	I wanted largest element and their index, hence stored in TreeMap. 
	In TreeMap, if we have duplicate elements we stored List<Integer> for index. 
	We started traversing from start and if it is not largest element we swap with largest(which we get from TreeMap) at the farthest index(Why? Example: 1993). 
	If we get the largest at the start we move ahead removing the largest at the nearest index. 

	We can also use PriorityQueue. 

15. Maximize Sum Of Array After K Negations
	If all are positive, i want to turn the smallest element to negative so sum decreases least. 
	If some elements are negative, i want to negate the smallest one, so it contribute maximum to sum. 

