1. What is Spring Boot?
	Spring Boot is a framework for building applications in the Java.
	Spring Boot makes it easy to create stand-alone, production-grade Spring based applications that you can just run.
	
2. Why Spring Boot?
	The core Spring framework already reduces boilerplate code and provide a lot of helpful features for java applications.
	However, Spring Boot takes this convenience to the next level by focusing specifically on reducing the effort required to set up and configure a Spring Application.
	While Spring simplify many tasks like:
		Creating web applications
		Working with Databases
		Manage Transactions and more.

	But setting a Spring project can still involve quite a bit of manual configuration.
	This is where Spring Boot steps in.

3. Setting up a basic Restful API requires manual configuration
	We need to manually set up the Spring Application Context in the main method.
	But in Spring Boot we use the @SpringBootApplication annotation on the main class. This single annotation replaces the need for setting up a manual Spring Application Context.
	We no longer need to explicitly create an application context using "AnnotationConfigApplicationContext" as Spring Boot handles that behind the scenes.
	We use "SpringBootApplication.run()" to start the application, and Spring Boot takes care of configuring the embedded web server and other neccessary components.
	The "@SpringBootApplication" annotation alone brings in a lot of pre-configured features, including "automatic component scanning" and "embedded server configuration", which would
	have requied more steps in a traditional Spring Setup.

4. What is IOC?
	In Spring Boot, Inversion of Control (IoC) is a design principle that shifts control of object creation and dependency management from the developer to the Spring IoC container. 
	This helps in creating loosely coupled applications, making them more maintainable and scalable.

	How It Works:
		Spring has an IoC Container (also called ApplicationContext).
		When the application starts, Spring scans for beans (@Component, @Service, etc.)
		It creates, configures, and manages those objects.
		Then it injects them wherever needed using @Autowired or constructor injection.

5. What is application context?
	Application context is a way to implement IOC container. So we can use IOC and application context interchangebly.

6. How IoC container holds the objects?
	IoC container scans the packages we mention and stores the objects of classes.
	So does it stores the object of all classes found in our project?
	No, it scans for special classes with annotations @Component
	And when we ask for it's object using @Autowired, it searches the IOC container and give the object or bean.

7. Differnce between @Component and @Bean?
	In Spring Framework, both @Component and @Bean are used to define beans (i.e., objects managed by the Spring container), but they serve different purposes and are used in different 	contexts.

	@Component
		Purpose: Used to mark a class as a Spring-managed component (bean).
		Usage: Placed directly on the class.
		Scanning: Detected automatically via classpath scanning with @ComponentScan.
		Scope: Usually used for application-level components like services, repositories, controllers, etc.

		@Component
		public class MyService {
		    // Spring will automatically detect and register this as a bean
		}


	@Bean
		Purpose: Used to define a bean explicitly inside a configuration class.
		Usage: Placed on a method inside a @Configuration class.
		Scanning: Not automatically scanned — must be returned from a method in a config class.
		
		@Configuration
		public class AppConfig {

		    @Bean
		    public MyService myService() {
		        return new MyService(); // Spring registers this return object as a bean
		    }
		}
