
1. What is Recursion?
	Recursion means a function calling itself until base condition is met.

2. Why Recursion?
	Recursion helps us in solving bigger/complex problems in a simple way.


Some points related to recursion:

1. Recursion solution can be converted to iteration and vice versa.

2. Though problems are solved easily using recursion but the space complexity increases since at every call it needs memory in stack.


How to solve using recursion?

1. If a problem can be break into smaller problem and smaller problem can be solved using recurrence relation then it can be solved for bigger problems.
	Fib(n) = Fib(n-1) + Fib(n-2)		// It is known as recurrence relation.

	Hence break the bigger problem into smaller one and write the reurrence relation if nedded.

2. The base condition is represented by answers we already have.
	For example in fibonacci series we know Fin(0) = 0 and Fib(1) = 1.

3. Draw the recursive tree.

4. About the recursive tree:
	1. See the flow of functions, how they are getting in stack.
	2. Identify and focus on left tree calls and right tree calls.
		Both left and right tree calls will not happen simultaneously. One will happen first and then the other will happen while returning.
		For example 
			Fib(3) will call Fib(2) and Fib(1) but Fib(2) will be executed first
			Fib(2) will call Fib(1) and Fib(0) but Fib(1) will be executed first
			Fib(1) will return 1 to Fib(2) but before returning to Fib(3), Fib(0) will be executed for Fib(2) and Fib(0) will return 0 to Fib(2).
			Fib(2) will add the values recieved from Fib(1) and Fib(0) and it will return to Fib(3).
			Then Fib(3) will execute Fib(1) and add the values recieved from Fib(2) and Fib(1) and will return to main.

			Try to run it using debug pointer as well as using pen and paper.

	3. See how the values are returned at each step.

5. You always need to take care of the variables. There can be three type of variables which need to be take in consideration:
	1. Return Type
	2. Arguements/Parameters: The predefined variables for the call. For example 's' and 'e' in binary search.
	3. In body: The variables specific to a particular call. For example mid in binary search. You need new mid depending on 's' and 'e' in every call.

6. Always return while calling the recursive function.
	For example: return binarySearch(arr, target, mid+1, e);