
1. String name = "Abdul";
   Here String is a class and datatype too and it is created in stack which points towards the object in heap.
   name is a reference variable.
   Abdul is a object which will be created in heap memory.

2. String Pool: It is a seperate memory structure inside a heap.
   Ques. Why seperate memory for strings?
   Ans. A seperate memory is created for strings because all the similar values of strings are not recreated in string.
   Example:  String a = "Abdul"; String b = "Abdul";
		Since string "Abdul" is already created. Hence, it will not be created again and both 'a' and 'b' will point to the same String.
		Ques. So what if one reference variable try to make changes to the object, will it be change for both the variables.
		Ans. Answer to this is the next point.
		
3. Immutability: Once string is declared, it cannot be changed but you can create a new object.
		 In the previous point: Since strings are immutable, hence no variable will be able to make the change to the object.
		 But you can say something like this:
			String a = "Abdul";
			a = "Rehman";
			In this case you are not actually changing the object but creating a new object. Here, a new object "Rehman" will be created and 'a' will start pointing 
			towards this new object and "Abdul will still lie in String Pool as a garbage collection.

4. Comparison of Strings:
	1. "==" : Checks if reference variables are pointing to the same object or not.
		  For Example:  String a = "Abdul"; String b = "Abdul";		System.out.println(a == b) will give you true which means they are pointing towards same object.

5. How to create different objects of same value?
	String a = new String("Abdul");
	Srring b = new String("Abdul");
	It will create two different objects of same name and both 'a' and 'b' will point to different objects.
	And the objects will be created outside pool in the heap.
	Here a == b will give false.
	But we usually don't create strings in this way, we create it in pool.
	
	a.equals(b) will give true because this method compares the values rather than comparing if two variables are pointing towards the same object or not.

6. out is variable of type printstream and println is a method of printstream class.
   Anything which is inside println is actually calling "value of" method which in turn is calling "toString" function and then printing it by converting into string.
   Things which can be inside println can be int, string, objects etc.

7. Objects can be of many types for example arrays, hash maps, student class, human class etc.
   And objects have different variables such as roll no., name etc. and different functions but the compiler will not know what to print hence every object has its own 
   default value which is the hash code and it add some random characters to it. And it prints something like this when you print object: Ie@....

   Since array is object if we print it directly it will call default "toString" function and print the hash value and that's why we use Arrays "toString" method.

8. If you want to use integer values as object then use "Integer" wrapper class.
	Integer num = new Integer(56);
	System.out.println(num);
   Integer class objects are stored in heap whereas int primitive data types are stored in stack.
   And if you use "Integer" wrapper class then you can use various different functions associated with "Integer" wrapper class.
		 